Rwanda (+250)
1.Government 
Easy:Who is the President of Rwanda ?Paul Kagame
Medium:Who is the Minister of education of Rwanda? Silas Lwakabamba
Hard:Who was the president of Rwanda in 1994 ? Juvénal Habyarimana
2.Economics
Easy:What is the currency of Rwanda ? Rwandan Franc
Medium:What is the main cash crop of Rwanda ? Tea
Hard:What is the GDP per capita of Rwanda ? 638.67 US dollars(2013)
3.Sports
Easy:What is the name of the Rwandan soccer team ? Amavubi(The wasps)
Medium:What is the FIFA ranking of the Rwandan national soccer team ? 93rd
Hard:When is the Rwanda's first appearance at the Olympic games ? 1984
4.Entertainment:
Easy:Who sang baramushaka ? knowless
Medium:Who won two kora awards in 2003 for "Most Inspiring" and "Best Traditional Artist" ? Jean-Paul Samputu
Hard:What is the name of the Rwandan national anthem ? Rwanda Nziza
5.Culture:
Easy:Name the main traditional Rwandan dance ?Itorero
Medium:What is the most modern music genre in Rwanda ? Afrobeat
Hard:What are the two main tribes of Rwanda ? Tutsis and Hutus

DR. Congo(+243)
1.Government
Easy:Who was the first President of DR Congo?Joseph Kasavubu
Medium : In which year did DR Congo gain independence ? 1960
Hard:Since when has Joseph KAbila been the President of DR.Congo? 2001
2.Economics
Easy:What is the currency of DR Congo? Congolese Franc
Medium:What mineral is produced in large quantities by DR Congo? cobalt ore
Hard:What is the GDP per capita of DR congo ? 784 US dollars(2013)
3.Sports
Easy:What was teh DR Congo national team known for at the just ended 2017 AFCON ? Fimbu
Medium:In what years did TP Mazembe win the CAF Champions league back to back ? 2009 and 2010
Hard:What team does Tresor Mputu Mabi play for currently ? Kabuscorp SCP
4.Entertainment
Easy:Who sang Nzinzi ? Emenaya
Medium:What is the popular name for Congolese music ? Soukous
Hard:Who composed the DR Congo National anthem ? Joseph Lutumba
5.Culture:
Easy:How many languages are spoken in DR Congo? 242
Medium:Which ethnic group are the earliest inhabitants of Congo ? Pygmies
Hard:What is the DR Congo dialect of Swahili called ?Kingwana
Hard:What is the name of the Rwandan national anthem ? Rwanda Nziza
